doc: clarify use of NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL (#35195)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

version 1 but continued to evolve until Node.js 8.6.0. The API is different in
versions prior to Node.js 8.6.0. We recommend N-API version 3 or later.

For each API documented for N-API, there will be `added in:`, and for APIs
which are stable, `N-API version:`. APIs are directly usable when using
a Node.js version which supports the N-API version shown in `N-API version:`
or higher. When using a Node.js version that does not support the
`N-API version:` listed or if there is no `N-API version:` listed,

> then the API will only be available if you include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then the API will only be available if
```

> `#define NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL`. If an API is not available and you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#define NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL` precedes the inclusion of `node_api.h` or `js_native_api.h`. If an API appears not be available on
```

> `#define NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL` precedes the inclusion of `node_api.h` or `js_native_api.h`. If an API appears not to be available on

Author: ```suggestion
`#define NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL` precedes the inclusion of `node_api.h`
or `js_native_api.h`. If an API appears not to be available on
```

> using a version of Node.js which is later than `added in:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a version of Node.js which is later than the one shown in `added in:` then
```

> this is most likely the reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this is most likely the reason for the apparent absence.
```

version 1 but continued to evolve until Node.js 8.6.0. The API is different in
versions prior to Node.js 8.6.0. We recommend N-API version 3 or later.

> For each API documented for N-API, there will be `added in:`, and for APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each API documented for N-API will have a header named `added in:`, and APIs
```

> which are stable, `N-API version:`. APIs are directly usable when using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which are stable will have the additional header `N-API version:`. APIs are directly usable when using
```
